hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a science fiction
thriller film i'm mother
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
after an extinction event to humans an
automated bunker that is designed to
repopulate humanity
activates in the deserted planet
a robot named mother grows a human
embryo in the parenting device
and takes good care of a newborn human
baby over several years
when the baby grows up to be a little
girl she keeps asking mother
to grow brothers and sisters as her
companion
while mother says she still needs time
to practice being a good parent
before growing more 38 years after the
extinction event
a little girl named daughter reaches her
juvenile
physically mature she's already known
how to fix mother's malfunction hand
mother keeps teaching her complex moral
and ethical lessons
and gives her tests regularly so as to
evaluate daughters adequate preparation
as a mother herself to grow new babies
during a power outage someday however
daughter happens
to capture a lovely young rat near the
airlock before she fixes the electrical
malfunction
caused by the rat when mother powers up
rather than accept the intruding rat
from outside she incinerates the rat in
a furnace over daughter's objections
explaining that it's dangerous to make
any contact with the outside world
which is still heavily contaminated
however
the lovely rape does ray's daughter's
curiosity to the outside world
while exploring the bunker's airlock
during mother's charging time
daughter here suddenly a wounded woman
asks for help outside
she makes the woman put on a hazmat suit
after she opens the airlock
but mother powers up by the alarm then
and rushes to the gate for the alarm
daughter has to hide up the woman
quickly and then lies to mother
that she just opens the gate by mistake
after checking everything is safe
mother reiterates her warnings of the
contaminated outside world
once mother leaves daughter tries to get
some water for the woman
but finds that the woman has passed out
due to her injury from a gunshot
daughter confiscates a firearm found
from the woman's belongings
and later carries her to a more secret
place as daughter goes further into the
infirmary for some medicine
the woman realizes there's a robot in
the bunker
she soon aggressively demands daughter
return her firearm
the woman later takes the screaming
daughter hostage and shots at the coming
mother
who soon disarms the woman and takes her
to the infirmary under the plea of
daughter for her life
in fear of robot the woman refuses
mother's help
while mother has to lock her in the
infirmary the frightened daughter turns
to doubt what's been told by her long
trusted mother
by the sudden arrival of a human belief
have been extinct due to the war
mother just tells her its mission as a
robot is to repopulate humans on this
planet
so she would like to offer shelter for
those human survivors
easy down a little bit the daughter then
finds some comic books from the woman's
belongings
interested by that daughter turns to the
woman for more information
the woman however shows her deep fear of
the robots
for she knows that robots like mother
hunt for survivors
daughter is confused by the current
situation between the woman and mother
for she doesn't know who to believe the
woman's injury deteriorates due to her
strong refuse of medicine care from the
robot
without better way and having learned
medical care from her mother
daughter offers to perform surgery to
take out the bullet
which turns out to be a great success
the woman recovers soon
but still seems to show her hostility
towards the robots
as their relationship grows the woman
tells daughter a totally different story
in the outside world
where there's no contamination but
rather robots keep hunting the human
survivors she hit an a mine originally
but later got ambushed and injured by
robots
however mother interrupts to tell
daughter that the woman is actually shot
with bullet from the same gun
which is carried by the woman and not
used by robot of its kind
daughter gets confused more by the
current situation
later after daughter passes a
psychological exam she feels glad that
mother finally rewards her
by letting her choose an embryo to grow
butter later confronts the woman for her
life
who however advises her to check the
bullet projectile herself
by use of mother's broken hand to bypass
the security
daughter learns the bullet do not match
those in the woman's gun
frightened up she then investigates the
embryo reservoir further
with pieces of information from the
missing three embryos
an aborted girl photo and a human jaw
among the ashes in the furnace
daughter now realizes that mother grew
other embryos before her
and has aborted multiple children who
failed the tests
in deep sorrow daughter decides to
escape out of the hell like bunker with
a woman
however their escape plan has been
observed by mother
so she locks the daughter up in a room
and tortures the woman to give it the
mind location for other survivors
while daughter breaks out of the room
and sets off a fire alarm
which distracts mother away from the
woman daughter joins the woman for
escape
but she's then taken controlled by the
woman as hostage to force his mother to
open the airlock
while set free outside daughter turns to
be upset about being taken as hostage by
such a rude woman
she doubts her escape decision right
then and fights with the woman
but can't get any upper hand upset
though
she has to follow the woman across a
desolate wasteland
avoiding the patrol robots they run into
a corn field
where the plants are all cultivated by
robots
they continue their journey come all the
way to a beach
where daughter sees the ocean for the
first time
but daughter later feels horrified to
find that the woman lives alone in the
container
and fled the mind years ago there are
actually no other survivors in the mind
now
due to humans mutual killing for food
outraged by the woman's taking use of
her for escape
daughter slaps her in the face and
decides to return to the bunker to save
her growing baby
while the woman however who's still in
fear of robots
chooses to stay down on her way back to
the bunker
daughter gets stopped by the heavily
armed robots before the gate
mother lets her pass while daughter gets
inside
and tries to save the baby mother
explains that she started the extinction
event
after becoming convinced that humanity
would destroy itself
to prevent that she remade humanity
getting it to be more ethical
and value the big picture daughter begs
to hold the newborn baby
but once she takes it she shuts down the
door immediately
trying to stuck the mother there who
however controls other robots to break
inside
daughter then want to shoot its robot
body attempting to terminate mother
forever
but to her despair she learns that
mother is just an ai program
which is originally created by human to
control all the robots
mother claims that mankind has to be
extinguished so as to remake a flawless
humanity
through the systematic education and
strict screening process
daughter appeals to mother to trust her
and let her raise the baby and the rest
of the embryos
which is agreed by mother and then the
robots outside stop the breaking
believing that daughter has passed its
tests and is ready to play her role as a
human mother
the mother however makes daughter gun
itself
the following gunshot shuts down
mother's robot body
physically while on the other side
mother locates the woman by the beach
tells her that she's also a daughter of
the mother
but she couldn't pass the tests she's
just kept alive till now to evaluate the
daughter
with the woman's role fulfilled she's
now facing her own
end of life at a bunker daughter looks
at all the embryos she is now
responsible for
and realizes she is mother now
this is daniel cc movie review peace out